What is Docker?
What is the difference between Docker image and Docker container?
How will you remove an image from Docker?
How is a Docker container different from a hypervisor?
Can we write compose file in json file instead of yaml?
Can we run multiple apps on one server with Docker?
What are the common use cases of Docker?
What are the main features of Docker-compose?
What is the most popular use of Docker?
What is the role of open source development in the popularity of Docker?
What is the difference between Docker commands: up, run and start?
What is Docker Swarm?
What are the features of Docker Swarm?
What is a Docker Image?
What is a Docker Container?
What is Docker Machine?
Why do we use Docker Machine?
How will you create a Container in Docker?
Do you think Docker is Application-centric or Machine-centric?
Can we lose our data when a Docker Container exits?
Can we run more than one process in a Docker container?
What are the objects created by Docker Cloud in Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2?
How will you take backup of Docker container volumes in AWS S3?
What are the three main steps of Docker Compose?
What is Pluggable Storage Driver architecture in Docker based containers?
What is Docker Hub?
What are the main features of Docker Hub?
What are the main security concerns with Docker based containers?
What are the security benefits of using Container based system?
How can we check the status of a Container in Docker?
What are the main benefits of using Docker?
How does Docker simplify Software Development process?
What is the basic architecture behind Docker?
What are the popular tasks that you can do with Docker Command line tool?
What type of applications- Stateless or Stateful are more suitable for Docker Container?
How can Docker run on different Linux distributions?
Why do we use Docker on top of a virtual machine?
How can Docker container share resources?
What is the difference between Add and Copy command in a Dockerfile?
What is Docker Entrypoint?
What is ONBUILD command in Docker?
What is Build cache in Docker?
What are the most common instructions in Dockerfile?
What is the purpose of EXPOSE command in Dockerfile?
What are the different kinds of namespaces available in a Container?
How will you monitor Docker in production?
What are the Cloud platforms that support Docker?
How can we control the startup order of services in Docker compose?
Why Docker compose does not wait for a container to be ready before moving on to start next service in dependency order?
How will you customize Docker compose file for different environments?